646 10.2.5 release notes (#682)
SuperOfficeDocs/superoffice-docs: release-notes/10.2/mobile/10.2.11-update.md

---
title: Mobile CRM 10.2.11 update
uid: news-mobile-crm-10.2.11
description: Release notes. What's new in SuperOffice Mobile CRM 10.2.11
author: Kirsti Aakerholt
so.date: 04.26.2023
keywords: Mobile CRM, requests
so.version: 10.2.11
so.topic: reference
---

# Mobile CRM 10.2.11 update

## Request with sale and project fields

When you are in a sales process or working with a project it's neat to link this to incoming requests. Add wanted project and sale to the request, and you find the request under the request tab on the sales or project screen.

> Read more about [request][1] on the Learn section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [requests][1] in the Learn section.
```
